There's actually a room here
This looks like a woman's boudoir
But what kind of woman would live in a place like this?
Compared to who lives here
I'm more curious about why the clues left by the second uncle point here
Forget it. We don't have much time
Hurry up and find clues
Find it separately
Why are there so many children's clothes?
Brother, come and see what I found
In 1992, Handong was suspected of rebellion
The court ordered to send someone to attack the bag
The Chu family does not obey
A war broke out between the two sides
The Last Man
Full of doors
Please two years
Chu Jiang
But it doesn't seem to have anything to do with the Sun family.
Does it matter? Just go back and check it out.
This case should have been judged by the Criminal Department back then
There are files in the Criminal Department
I'll suddenly check it when I go back.
What's wrong big brother
It's nothing, I should be overthinking it. Let's go